Add DOT payment (#2224)
w3f/Grants-Program: docs/faq.md

  Generally, there is no upper limit to grant amounts. However, the higher the requested amount, the stricter the review. For guidance, please refer to the [grant levels section](Introduction/levels.md) in our documentation.

### What does it mean for payments to be 30% DOT?

>   Every milestone payment will have two parts: 70% in the currency of your choosing (see the application template for options) and 30% in DOT, vesting linearly over two years. For this, we need a Polkadot AssetHub address in the grant agreement (if you haven't already provided it for USDC/USDT payments or you prefer a separate address) and, when it comes to milestone payments, two invoices: one for the currency part, one for the DOT part. Our [invoice form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/18BdmYEt8gvcC-5f7TMHdJftBr9dEeA2_lUfIqkH7it8/viewform) will walk you through the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Every milestone payment will have two parts: 70% in the currency of your choice (see the application template for options) and the remaining 30% in DOT, vesting linearly over two years. For this, we need a Polkadot AssetHub address in the grant agreement (if you haven't already provided it for USDC/USDT payments or you prefer a separate address) and, when it comes to milestone payments, two invoices: one for the currency part, one for the DOT part. Our [invoice form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/18BdmYEt8gvcC-5f7TMHdJftBr9dEeA2_lUfIqkH7it8/viewform) will walk you through the process.
```
